FURFROU
[IRRITATED]
Wait, please! Hm.
‐ Ha!
‐ 'Bonnie?'
Coming!
You're going to get lost
if you keep wandering off.
‐ I'm fine!
‐ Huh!
Huh? Ah!
Wow, I've never seen
that Pokémon before.
‐ That is a Furfrou.
‐ Huh? Furfrou?
POKEDEX
Furfrou. The Poodle Pokémon.
'Furfrou were assigned the task
of protecting kings'
who ruled the Kalos region
in ancient times.
It looks different
from the one in the Pokédex.
It probably went to the groomer!
There's a really famous
Pokémon groomer in this town!
‐ Look at this!
‐ 'Pokémon groomer?'
SERENA 'They're like
hairdressers for Pokémon.'
'In the World of Pokémon
groomers, he's a superstar!'
‐ Wish I could meet him. Ah!
‐ Yeah.
I wish I could meet him too!
[EXERTION]
Huh?
[screams]
‐ Bonnie!
‐ Hey! Are you okay?
[CONCERNED]
[gasps]
I'm so sorry!
That Furfrou's with me!
[GUILTY]
Oh, no! You scraped your knees!
Don't worry about me!
I'm just fine!
♪ I wanna be the very best ♪
♪ Like no one ever was ♪
♪ To catch them
is my real test ♪
♪ To train them is my cause ♪
♪ Pokémon gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ It's you and me ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ I know it's my destiny ♪
♪ Yeah you're my best friend ♪
♪ In a world we must defend ♪
♪ Pokémon gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
ASH
"Grooming Furfrou!"
CLEMONT
That should do it.
Dedenne, how are you doing?
[HAPPY]
NARRATOR As the Kalos League
continues to inspire Ash
every step of the way,
our heroes are now on route
to Ash's second
Gym battle challenge
at the Cyllage City Gym.
I'm so sorry. Really.
Don't worry! I'm fine!
Bonnie means it!
Now, this is like the Furfrou
in the Pokédex.
Furfrou still hasn't been
groomed yet.
I'm Jessica.
My name's Ash. This is Pikachu.
[FRIENDLY]
‐ I'm Serena.
‐ My name's Bonnie.
‐ This is my big brother.
‐ I'm Clemont.
Ah! Jessica's a keeper!
I mean,
please take care of my brother?
Huh?
Bonnie, stop! I told you
not to do that again!
So embarrassing.
I hope you'll think about it,
please, Jessica? Hm?
‐ Uh, oh, dear.
‐ Think about what?
I can't look after
my brother forever.
So, it's my job to look
for a dependable wife for him!
[sighs]
You see, I'm studying to be
a Pokémon groomer.
Wow! Are you gonna groom
your Furfrou?
I really want to,
but every time I try to do
anything with its fur,
it runs off.
I only tried to brush it
a bit earlier
and that's when it ran away.
I get it now.
Furfrou are very intelligent
and know exactly what they want.
'They won't listen to a Trainer'
'until they see that person
as their partner.'
So, does that mean
Furfrou doesn't see you
as its real Trainer yet?
Hey, Bonnie!
I'm sorry.
It's okay, Bonnie.
You've got it exactly right.
Now, I wanna see
how Pokémon groomers
‐ style Furfrou even more.
‐ I do too! I do too!
[chuckles]
Why not see where I work?
To make up for those
scraped knees.
JESSICA This's the grooming
salon where I'm being trained.
We've seen this before,
remember?
[humming]
Hey, look, that's the guy
we saw in Serena's travel guide!
CLEMONT Wow! Talk about an
unbelievable coincidence.
It's him!
Huh?
Jessica! Are you finished giving
your Furfrou a walk?
Sherman, I'd like to introduce
you to Clemont and Ash.
'And Bonnie and Serena.'
I saw an article about you
in the guidebook!
You're a grooming superstar!
It's such an honor to meet you!
I do think "Superstar"
is a bit of an exaggeration.
Huh?
Look at all those scissors!
They're all very interested in
learning about Pokémon groomers.
SHERMAN 'Well, in that case,
why don't you fill them in?'
[gasps]
‐ Sure!
‐ Ha!
[chuckles]
[gasps]
[FRIENDLY]/[AFFECTIONATE]
Look at all the berries.
You noticed,
well, Bonnie, there's a lot more
to grooming Pokémon,
than simply grooming their fur.
We give each Pokémon
a thorough health exam.
You can tell if a Pokémon
is eating well
simply by feeling its fur.
So the amount of fur
that gets cut
depends on how healthy it is.
SERENA You have to know
all about that too?
Learning about nutrition
is a must!
For example, we recommend
a Rawst or a Lumberry
for when a Pokémon 's
not feeling well.
And see? A Tomatoberry can help
stimulate their appetite.
‐ Aah..
‐ Wow!
It feels like my head's
gonna explode.
[CONCERNED]
JESSICA 'We also have ten
different types of shampoo'
'and conditioner to choose from'
depending on the fur quality
of the client.
That's incredible.
Take a look at the scissors
and combs we use.
Each custom made
for whatever style we're doing.
Dedenne, look at them all!
[IMPRESSED]
SHERMAN
That reminds me!
I just finished up
with two more clients.
Would you all like to have
a little peek?
ASH/BONNIE/SERENA/CLEMONT
Sure!
Jessica,
please bring the Furfrou in.
Right!
[chuckles]
[PROUD]
[IMPRESSED]
Wow, they've got so much style!
POKEDEX
Furfrou. The Poodle Pokémon.
So they're both Furfrou,
as well?
They don't look like the same
kind of Pokémon at all.
CLEMONT
You can say that again.
They're both just so elegant!
I wanna style my Furfrou
like that.
I just hope
it'll let me someday.
Of course, you'll be
able to style Furfrou!
Oh, this is all so dreamy.
She's right, Jessica.
It's important to be confident!
It is true her Furfrou
is quite stubborn, though.
It won't let her
groom it at all.
Yeah, that's what she told us.
It is my wish that
Jessica's and Furfrou's hearts
will become one someday.
But still,
there's no need to rush things.
Huh! I guess.
Hm...wait!
Is this your first time
in the city?
‐ Yeah!
‐ I have an idea.
Why don't you show them around
on your lunch break, Jessica?
Great!
There's a spot
with a beautiful view
just up the street a little bit.
Awesome! I can't wait to see it!
JESSIE
'Why hello there, Pikachu.'
[SURPRISED]
JAMES 'How would you like
to be a furshionista?'
JESSIE
Sparkly.
‐ Spangly.
‐ Twinkly.
‐ Glittery.
‐ Snip, snip.
[chuckles]
[CONFUSED]
This is none other than
superstar hair stylist
‐ extraordinaire Jessally!
‐ Hold on. Jessally?
Yes! Winner of the crown
for best makeup!
And the gold medal for styling!
And the golden scissors award
for hair design!
And other accolades
too numerous to mention!
Success for me
is a piece of designer cake!
[IMPRESSED]
Why haven't I heard
of any of those?
JAMES
'A top hairstylist'
'Jessally has now become
a Pokémon groomer!'
That's right. Why not take
a look at my creations?
[SURPRISED]
Watch Jessally transform
the most unsightly Pokémon
and enjoy the Wobbuffet
Transformathon!
[instrumental music]
[CONFIDENT]
[EMPHATIC]
Presenting, the Curly Top!
[EXCITED]
And feast your eyes on this!
'The Fear‐ican!'
[EMPHATIC]
JAMES
'The chic fringe look!'
[DEMURE]
‐ They're all kind of boring.
‐ The Curly Top was cute!
And that's only the tip
of the styling iceberg.
Get ready for the main act!
JAMES
'The Wob‐bouffant!'
[PROUD]
'The haunting,
silky smile look!'
[SOLEMN]
'The flowing perm.'
[CONFIDENT]
'And rich girl ringlet curls!'
[EMPHATIC]
We are the last word in styling!
[chuckles]
That wasn't so bad.
When it comes to styling sass,
I'm the top of the class!
You there, Pikachu.
Care to experience a small
sample of my grooming magic?
[SURPRISED]/[SHEEPISH]
I think Pikachu looks fine
just like this.
‐ Aw.
‐ Ha‐ha.
Serena, how about Fennekin?
I know it's already a cutie pie
but maybe some styling
will make it an even cutier pie!
That sounds like a good idea!
Come out, Fennekin.
[EXCITED]/[EXERTION]
How would you like to do some
styling on my Fennekin?
Uh, we want Pikachu.
This is the chance to catch
a Kalos region Pokémon!
‐ Ah!
‐ I accept.
My grooming skills
are second to none!
I'll happily style
your Fennekin!
Okay, thanks!
[SHOCKED]
Jessally performs
her magic in private
so please come back in an hour.
But I wanted to watch her
perform her magic!
Um‐um‐um!
Jessally's grooming magic
is an industry secret
so it stays hush‐hush!
But it will only take an hour
'well worth the time
to create Fennekin fashion!'
[Jessie laughs]
SERENA
Hm, okay. See you in an hour.
[giggles]
I really wanted to watch
how Jessally styles Fennekin.
‐ I'm sure you did.
‐ Huh!
‐ It's Officer Jenny!
‐ Huh?
Thank you for all your help
during the Rhyhorn race!
You must be talking about
my second cousin.
Here's a picture of me,
when I was a cadet
attending the Officer Jenny
Training Academy.
Wow. There certainly
are a lot of you.
‐ I knew it.
‐ Now, if you don't mind
there's something
I'd like to ask you.
‐ What's that?
‐ Have you seen any con artists?
‐ Con artists?
‐ That's right!
There's a woman who claims
to be a famous Pokémon groomer
but once she gets a Pokémon,
she and her gang vanish!
‐ Ah!
‐ Tell us more!
It's a group of four who likes
to dress really flamboyantly.
'Two wear flashy glasses.'
‐ It's them!
‐ Huh?
[ALARMED]
Fennekin's in trouble!
[SHOCKED]
I guess we're too late.
Are you sure
this is where you met them?
SERENA
Yeah.
[EXERTION]
Hey, Furfrou, are you
picking up on their scent?
[DETERMINED]
‐ Furfrou, wait for me!
‐ Huh?
Quick, we've gotta follow
those two!
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Furfrou!
MEOWTH
It's in the bag!
Fennekin's our premier
Kalos collection Pokémon!
One of many, I'm sure!
It's time for plan number two!
Of course, by that
you mean catch Pikachu!
Huh?
[screams]
‐ What's that called?
‐ A Furfrou!
‐ Ooh, let's catch that!
‐ Furfrou!
[URGENT]
‐ Don't let them get away!
‐ Hey! Give Fennekin back!
TEAM ROCKET
Hm!
Prepare for trouble,
pushy Twerps!
And make it double,
we're primo perps!
To protect the world
from devastation!
To unite all people
within our nation!
To denounce
the evils of truth and love!
To extend our reach
to the stars above!
Jessie!
And James!
Team Rocket blasts off
at the speed of light!
Surrender now, or prepare
for one stylish fight!
Meowth, that's right!
[EMPHATIC]
‐ Team Rocket!
‐ Return the Pokémon you stole!
MEOWTH If you want 'em, you'll
have to come and get 'em!
Manectric, let's go!
[ANGRY]
Manectric?
POKEDEX Manectric.
The Discharge Pokémon.
'Manectric collects
electricity from the air'
'creating a thundercloud
above its head.'
Its mane gives off
a strong electric current.
Amazing.
Inkay!
Gangway!
[CONFIDENT]
Use Thunderbolt!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
Dodge it!
[EXERTION]
Now, Tackle!
[TACKLE MOVE]
[PAINED]
Manectric, Quick Attack!
[QUICK ATTACK MOVE]
[PAINED]
Huh! Use Psybeam!
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
[PAINED]
[DISCHARGE MOVE]
‐ Manectric!
‐ Officer Jenny!
Psybeam's effect is causing it
to be confused!
Return!
Leave them to me!
Let's do this, Pikachu!
Quick Attack!
[QUICK ATTACK MOVE]
[EXERTION]/[SURPRISED]
[EXERTION]/[PAINED]
[AGITATED]
No! Pikachu, are you okay?
There's got to be something
we can do to help out.
Hah!
[SLEEPING]
Oh! Clemont, help them!
It's okay, Clemont!
We can still battle,
right, Pikachu?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Finish this with Tackle!
[TACKLE MOVE]
Pikachu!
Jump and dodge it!
[CONFIDENT]
Psybeam, let's go!
Pikachu, on the ground and roll!
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
[EXERTION]
Turn around and use Thunderbolt!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
Spectacular!
Now, your turn Wobbuffet!
[MIRROR COAT MOVE]
Pikachu, jump and dodge!
[INTENT]/[SURPRISED]
Aim behind you
and use Iron Tail!
[IRON TAIL MOVE]
Dodge it!
[EXERTION]/[CONFIDENT]
Pikachu!
Stay put and use Thunderbolt!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
Wobbuffet, you know what to do!
[MIRROR COAT MOVE]
Pikachu, jump up!
[PAINED]
JAMES/JESSIE
Huh?
Ash and Pikachu are awesome.
[SATISFIED]
JESSICA 'I can't believe that
Ash is acting as Pikachu's eyes'
while the battle goes on.
I used to be surprised
at this kind of stuff too.
But now
I know this is something
only they can pull off!
Because they trust each other!
Trust each other?
Won't you please let me
at least brush you?
See, I promise
I won't cut your fur.
Please? May I?
I know you'll love it, I...huh.
Huh?
Use Tackle!
Jump to the right and dodge it!
[EXERTION]/[TACKLE MOVE]
In the meantime, I think
I'll catch us another Pokémon!
[URGENT]
[ALARMED]
No, Furfrou!
[WORRIED]
[PAINED]
Well! We've had quite
a haul today!
[EMPHATIC]
[PAINED]/[SCARED]
Huh!
[PAINED]
My poor Furfrou!
[CONTENT]
[DISMISSIVE]
[WORRIED]
[panting]
My Furfrou!
Give me back my Furfrou,
right now!
[gasps]
[screams]
Uh! Uh!
‐ Jessica, you'll hurt yourself!
‐ No, Furfrou!
Huh? Clemont!
Bunnelby, come out and help us!
[DETERMINED]
Alright, Bunnelby use Mud
Shot and destroy that cage!
[MUD SHOT MOVE]
JESSIE
'Go, Wobbuffet!'
[MIRROR COAT MOVE]
Bunnelby, use Dig!
[DIG MOVE]
[CONFUSED]
[ATTACK]/[PAINED]
Pikachu, use Thunderbolt,
straight ahead!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[ALARMED]
Uh, huh.
Why you...take this!
Huh?
[screams]
You're safe!
Let me wipe that
icky ink off of you.
You're all clean!
[HAPPY]
[coughs]
Hey. Do you wanna have
a battle with them?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
I've got it! Use Charge Beam!
[CHARGE BEAM MOVE]
[ALARMED]
TEAM ROCKET
We're blasting off again!
[EMPHATIC]/[DISCOURAGED]
[STRUGGLING]
[EXERTION]/[EXCITED]
Oh, thank goodness
you're alright!
I'll return all of these stolen
Poké Balls to their Trainers.
Thank you, Ash and everyone!
‐ No prob!
‐ Hey, Clemont?
Didn't we just see Furfrou
listen to Jessica?
Yeah, you're right!
[EXCITED]
Maybe that means
Furfrou's starting
'to see you as its partner now!'
‐ I'm sure of it!
‐ Um‐hm!
Oh, Furfrou.
Will you finally
let me style you now?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Ah! Furfrou!
First,
let's get you all brushed.
[AGREEMENT]
Look at that big smile.
Such confidence!
What a welcome sight.
Seeing Jessica and Furfrou
look so happy is so nice.
It looks like
you're at the peak of health!
[cheering]
So what do you think?
‐ Beautiful!
‐ And such style!
‐ True perfection!
‐ Thank you so much!
[THANKFUL]
Thanks to you, too.
I owe so much
to every one of you!
Mm‐mm, it's because you
connected with Furfrou's heart!
I'm going to make the bond
between Furfrou and me
grow deeper and deeper and
groom as much as I possibly can.
Someday
I'll be a famous groomer!
And when you are,
will you style my Fennekin?
Of course!
SHERMAN
'Take care!'
Next time you travel this way,
please stop by!
Okay. Goodbye!
[WARM]
[chuckles]
It must be nice
to have something
you can be
really passionate about.
Huh? What'd you say?
Um‐hm, oh, nothing.
I can't wait
to get to Lumiose City!
‐ Huh!
‐ Huh?
NARRATOR Jessica has forged
a real bond with Furfrou
and grown as a
Pokémon groomer.
Now, our heroes
hit the road again
as the journey continues!
[theme music]